Add ability to pass tablib.Dataset kwargs via TableExport and ExportMixin (#720)
jieter/django-tables2: docs/pages/export.rst

        exclude_columns = ("buttons", )

Tablib Dataset Configuration
----------------------------

django-tables2 uses ``tablib`` to export the table data.

> You may pass kwargs to the ``tablib.Dataset`` via the TableExport constructor ``dataset_kwargs`` parameter::

Reviewer: `TableExport` can be surrounded in backticks too.

Author: Done.

>     exporter = TableExport("xlsx", table, dataset_kwargs={'title': 'My Custon Tab Title'})

Reviewer: I'd use 'sheet name' instead of 'tab title'

Author: Done.

If you use the ``django_tables2.export.ExportMixin``, simply add a ``dataset_kwargs`` attribute to your class::

    class View(ExportMixin, tables.SingleTableView):
        table_class = MyTable
        model = Person

>         dataset_kwargs = {'title': 'People'}

Reviewer: please use double quotes to align style with the source code.

Author: Done.

        exclude_columns = ("buttons", )

Tablib Dataset Configuration
----------------------------

django-tables2 uses ``tablib`` to export the table data.
You may pass kwargs to the ``tablib.Dataset`` via the ``TableExport`` constructor ``dataset_kwargs`` parameter::

    exporter = TableExport("xlsx", table, dataset_kwargs={"title": "My Custom Sheet Name"})

> Default ``tablib.Dataset.title`` is based on ``table.Meta.model._meta.verbose_name_plural.title()``, if avalable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Default for ``tablib.Dataset.title`` is based on ``table.Meta.model._meta.verbose_name_plural.title()``, if available.
```
